- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18WvuBg91gk
  來學習單子吧~
- ## 單子
  anathema :<-> 令人討厭的事物
  extra:: For older employees, the new system is an anathema(此翻譯為眼中釘).
- heinous :<-> 極其惡劣的
- addendum :<-> 補敘（在書中）
- prognostication :<-> 預測(n.)
- blasphemy :<-> 褻瀆
- rad :<-> 特棒的
- proverbs :<-> 諺語/格言
- snare :<-> 陷阱
- subversive :<-> 顛覆性的
  extra:: subversive elements/groups in society
- chicanery :<-> 詭計
  extra:: The investigation revealed political chicanery and corruption at the highest levels.
- slapstick :<-> 鬧劇
- farce :<-> 鬧劇
  extra:: a humorous play or film where the characters become involved in unlikely situations
  sth on steroids :-> used for saying that something is an extreme example or version of something:
- AI 解釋兩者差距:
  > **Slapstick comedy** primarily involves exaggerated **physical actions** and humorous situations, often with a focus on **visual gags and pratfalls**, while **farce** is characterized by improbable **plot twists, mistaken identities**, and rapid pacing, often relying on **verbal humor and absurdity** to create laughter.
- allude to sb/sth :<-> 間接提到
  extra:: She mentioned some trouble that she'd had at home and I guessed she was alluding to her son.(
  她提到家中有些麻煩事，我猜她是指她的兒子。)
- aggravating :<-> 加重
  extra:: His back injury was aggravated by too much exercise.
- patronize :-> to speak to or behave towards someone as if they are stupid or not important(屈尊俯就)
  extra:: Stop patronizing me - I understand the play as well as you do.
- nascent :<-> 萌芽的
  extra:: a nascent political party
- discipline :<-> 紀律
  extra:: parental/military/school discipline
- cogent :<-> 令人信服的(adj.)
  extra:: cogent **evidence**
- acclimate :<-> to adapt to a new environment or situation.
  They had to acclimate themselves to an urban lifestyle.
- ## Suffix
  -esque 似…般的
  Leonardo-esque
  李奧納多（達文西）風格的
- ## 片語
- bombard sb with sth :<-> 向…大量提問
  extra:: The children bombarded her with questions.
- make inroads :<-> 取得進展
  extra:: The government is definitely making inroads into the problem of unemployment.
- ## 結語
  媽的，有必要把 Youtube 影片搞那麼難嗎= =