- Known as **Participle Phrases**
- tl;dr **Participle Phrases** allow for the **condensation** of two or more sentences with the same **subject** into a succinct phrase, led by a **participle**.
- ## **Active** Participle
	- ### Definition
		- V-ing phrase, sentence
	- ### How it's formed(a)
		- He is a math genius, and he completed the test in less than 10 minutes.
		- is a math genius, he completed the test in less than 10 minutes.
			- omiting the **subject** and **conjunctions**, but is currently **grammatically incorrect**
		- **Being** a math genius, he completed the test in less than 10 minutes.
			- Transforming the verb into a V-ing.
	- ### How it's formed(b)
		- He is a math genius, and he completed the test in less than 10 minutes.
		- He is a math genius, completed the test in less than 10 minutes.
			- Seems fine right? But let's analyze it further.
			- What is the **focus** here, the **test**, or is it the **person** who's doing it.
			- The focus is **who** completes the test. HE! so it shall be active.
		- He is a math genius, **completing** the test in less than 10 minutes.
- ## **Passive** Participle
	- ### Definition
	- a **past participle phrase** followed by a sentence.
		- concisely written as, **p.p phrase** + sentence
	- ### How it's formed
		- The hotel is located at the top of the hill, and the hotel overlooks the beautiful scenery.
		- is located at the top of the hill, the hotel overlooks the beautiful scenery.
			- omitting the **Subject** and **Conjunctions**, but is currently **grammatically incorrect**
		- **Being Located** at the top of the hill, the hotel overlooks the beautiful scenery.
			- A first **correct** sentence, but there's one more **improvement** we can make.
		- **Located** at the top of the hill, the hotel overlooks the beautiful scenery.
			- By getting rid of the V-ing, it converges it self into a p.p.
				- But why *can* we get rid of the V-ing?
				- The **focus** here is just the **fact** that it's at the top of the hill
				- Plus we don't know *who* did the action, so it's unimportant here.
					- That's just what passive voice is right?
					- Remember?
- ## **Active** vs **Passive**
	- ### Active
		- Focuses on the **doer** of the action.
		- Common in engaging and direct communicaiton.
	- ### Passive
		- Focuses on the **receiver** of the action, or simply just the action **itself**.
		- Providing **additional** information.
		- When the **doer** is unknown.
- ## Tips on how to form participle phrases
	- Get rid of the **subject** and **conjunctions**, as those are omitted in participle phrases.
	  logseq.order-list-type:: number
	- The **subject** that is going to be removed depends on the **focus**.d
	  logseq.order-list-type:: number
	- And base on the **focus**, transform the word into a V-ing or a p.p.
	  logseq.order-list-type:: number