- 銘傳盃簡報比賽
- [Flutter Rust Bridge](https://github.com/fzyzcjy/flutter_rust_bridge/pull/1325) contribution
	- Writes points such as
		- learning how to read other's people's code
- maybe anki-logseq stuff?
- [[分詞構句]]
	- maybe??? if I have time.
-
- # Introduction to Participle Phrases
	- ## What it is
		- Allows you to combine two sentences without any prepositions or conjunctions.
		- For example:
			- He is a math genius, and he completed the test in less than 10 minutes.
		- Gets turned into:
			- **Being** a math genius, he completed the test in less than 10 minutes.
	- ## How to form it
		- If the two sentences subject are the same, omit one of them.
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- remove the **conjunctions**.
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- make the verb in the sentence which **the subjects are omitted** into **Ving/Ved** form depending on the words voice.
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- Voila, there you have it!
	- ## Example translations and pitfalls
		- ### Example with tense
			- #### Original Sentences
			  collapsed:: true
				- The scientist completed the experiment.
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
				- He wrote a detailed report.
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
			- #### Combined Sentences
			  collapsed:: true
				- The scientist **completed** the experiment, writing a detailed report.
			- Notice anything weird? Where has our **tense** gone? Let's add them back.
			- #### Combined Sentences(Modified)
			  collapsed:: true
				- **Having completed** the experiment, the scientist wrote a detailed report.
			- Using **present perfect** tense signifies that the former happens **before** than the latter.
		- ### Example with different subjects
			- #### Original Sentences
				- The teacher explained the lesson.
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
				- The students understood the concept.
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
			- #### Combined sentences
				- **The teacher** having explained the lesson, **the students** understood the concept.
			- #### Notice
				- the subjects are NOT omitted, since they are different.
				- It is often to use the "present prefect tense" technique emphasizing ordering so as to